Hairstyle: an unfamiliar style of fame
This hairstyle has a lot of texture.
Hair is slightly dull and matured.
Swim through your hair or your fingers
to remove all remnants of the product.
You will need a hair curler.
Make a middle section of the head.
Separate the pegs of five centimeters wide.
Use a coat to attach the rest of your hair so it does not bother you.
You will also need simple clasps.
Apply heat-spray spray on the root.
Then remove the waistband in the form of a triangle
and bend it slightly to the roots.
Set the curl and wrap the wrap
twice about the sequel. Hold the tops firmly.
Pull out the extension, twist the string
around the finger and attach it to the scalp.
Continue backward. Sprinkle the root.
Be careful not to wash the appliance.
This is a hairstyle for hair length bob-hairstyles.
If hair is shorter, it will have too much volume.
If you have a very long hair,
wrap it several times around the curls.
There is no particular direction in shaping this hairstyle.
You can bend it forward or backward.
But twist the front fingers backwards
so that your hair does not fall on your face.
Swing alternately forward and backward
to get more texture.
Always tighten the curls with the buckles.
Let the curls completely cool down.
Then pull the buckles
and pass through your hair with your fingers.
Dry the area slightly with a duster
between tilted and straight hair.
During drying, thin the tip of the hair.
For this hairstyle we will not apply anything to the glitter.
Apply a volume powder.
This is a very beautiful, mature hairstyle.
If you want to have the same haircut the next day,
curl up some pramen with curl.
First apply a dry shampoo.